# Cyberdeck-Build
Project files for ongoing cyberdeck build

The KeyboardInsert.stl needs to be glued to the KeyboardTopPlate.stl from underneath. 

The LattePanda Delta 3 will be attached to the Midplate.stl using four prints of the Standoff.stl, four 12mm M3 bolts, and four M3 nuts. Two of those nuts are set into the print of Midplate.Stl. What you want to do in when your slicing is pause the print right before the holes for the nuts are covered. Once your print is paused, drop the two nuts in the open hole. When the print resumes, it will encase the nuts in the print created threaded holes. The Delta 3 will be place on the convex side of the Midplate.stl print with the fan facing away from the print. You will need to print four of Standoff.stl to give you some space in between the Delta 3 and the Midplate. The screen will sit in the concave side of Midplat.stl. It will be free floating for now, so keep that in mind when moving or using this part.

The only construction for the Backplate.stl will be to add the Switch.stl and SwitchCover.stl into a small slot on the top left side of the Backplate. If you look at Switch.stl you will see what looks kind of like a small bow and arrow. Place the switch in the slot as if the little arrow is shooting out of the Backplate. The SwitchCover will slide down on top of that. The shape of the Switch acts as a spring that will allow you to turn on the Delta 3 once it's all put together. 

Once you have done all of the above you can begin to assemble all the parts. There is a slot on the Backplate where you can place the power switch. I noticed that even when completely shutting does the Delta 3, it would still draw power from the battery bank and slowily drain it over time. So, I added in a power switch that will cut all power from the Delta 3 when it is turned off. You will not want to slide the switch all the way in until you have the midlplate attached. Slide it in just before the button actaully goes into place. You will need it to stay out of the way for some connecting bolts through the Backplate. You will also see a channel that runs through the Backplate by the battery bank power switch to help keep the cable out of the way. 

To gain access to power the battery bank you will also need to route a usbc extension cable from the battery compartment over to the right side of the Backplate. When you look at the Backplate you will see where this needs to go. It will take some finagling to get everything where it needs to be a tucked away. Just take your time. After the cables have been routed, drop in your battery bank. The slot for the battery bank sits in the Backplate right behind where the keyboard will sit once the top is added. It will be a tight fit and I noticed it works best when the display screen of the battery bank is placed facing down into the slot. 

Now that you have the battery bank in place and all cables routed out of the way, you can connect your Midplate with the Delta 3 and screen attached. The screen will be free floating until the KeyboardTopPlate is added. I also added a layer of electrical tape on the Midplate where the back of the screen sits. This will help with any tolerance issues ans stop the screen from moving around when assembled. The external antenna now needs to be put in place. The antenna is totally optional. My Delta 3 only came with one internal antenna so I bought an external one instead of internal soley because I thought it would look cool. There will now be four 8MM M3 bolts that need to be screwed in from the back of the Backplate into the Midplate. Make sure you did not push the battery bank external switch in all the way or the bolt that goes in close to it will not pass all the way through into the Midplate. The other three should be no problem. 

After you have the Midplate attached, but before you add the KeyboardTopPlate, make sure you route the cable that goe from the Delta 3 to the screen out of the way, this cable seems pretty delicate and should avoid being folded over with a  hard crease. I found I was able to make several small rounded over folds that has kept it safe and out of the way nicely. Now that you have done that, you simply need to drop in the KeyboardTopPlate with the KeyboardInsert glued in. It will take a little bit of wiggling to get it to drop in but should not be too bad. After this has been done you will need eight 8MM M3 bolts that will be srewed in from the left and right side. These bolts pass through the sides, through the topplate, and back into eith the midplate or backplate. Now you can finish sliding the battery bank external switch all the way into it's slot. The button to cut power should pop out through the small hole once it is in place. 

Now you are ready to power it up. If its doesn't turn on right away, try pushing the battery bank external switch to ensure you are granting power to the Delta 3 or try charging your battery bank if you did not make sure it was charged before it was dropped in. 

This is my first project like this and until I made the reddit post I really had no intentinos of sharing the design and build with anyone so please excuse the jank. I'm sure there are more elegant ways to build this and now with it being shared I am looking forward to seeing what others can do with my design. I also know there are some cons to this design. One, you can't see how much battery charge you have left. I thought about making a little window on the back of the Backplate so I could see the battery bank display, but in use I usually can get about 10-13 hours of use before it dies which is plenty of time to drop in on a charger. Two, the access to the HDMI, AUX, and ethernet ports isn't so clean, it is just an open space on the left side. However, I am working on a way to extend those ports out to the edge to have a cleaner look, but if you build this you will see, space is limited. Three, the opening for the usba ports on the right side were designed for what I needed toplug into them and therefore may be too small for you. I believe you could simply knock down the wall between them and solve that problem. 

If anyone looking at this has any changes or additions, please feel free to comment on the reddit post or comment on this repo. 
